                                                           First Year PPS Practical Questions
                                   -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Prog 1. Write a program to print “Hello World” in C .

Prog 2. Write a program to add two integers.

Prog 3.Write a program to calculate the area of triangle using formula at=√s(sa)(s-b)(s-c)

Prog 4.Basic salary of an employee is input through the keyboard. The DA is 25% of the basic salary while the HRA is 15% of the basic salary.
Provident Fund is deducted at the rate of 10% of the gross salary (BS+DA+HRA).
Program to calculate the Net Salary.

Prog 5. Write a program to determine the roots of quadratic equation.

Prog 6. Write a program to check provided number is negative, positive or zero.

Prog 7. Write a program to check provided character is a vowel or constant.

Prog 8. Write a program to check a triangle is isosceles ,scalene or equilateral.

Prog 9. Write a program to find the largest of three numbers using nested if else.

Prog 10. Write a program to receive marks of physics, chemistry & maths from user & check its eligibility for course if
a)Marks of physics > 40
b)Marks of chemistry > 50
c)Marks of math’s > 60
d)Total of physics & math’s marks > 150
or
e)Total of three subjects marks > 200

Prog 11. Write a program to find the value of y for a particular value of n. The a,x, b, n is input by user
if n=1 y=ax%b if n=2 y=ax2+b2 if n=3 y=a-bx if n=4 y=a+x/b 

Prog 12. Write a Menu driven program for simple calculator using switch.

Prog 13. Write a Menu driven program to convert temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit and viceversa. 

Prog 14.Write a program to check provided character is vowel or constant using switch case.

Prog 15. a program to construct a Fibonacci series upto n terms.

Prog 16.Write a program to find whether the number is Armstrong number.

Prog 17. Write a program to generate sum of series 1!+2!+3!+--------------n!

Prog 18.Write a program to find the sum of following series 1-X1/1!+X2/2!-
…………Xn/n!.

Prog 19.Write a program to print the entire prime no between 1 and 300.

Prog 20.Write a program to print out all the Armstrong number between 100 and 500.

Prog 21.Write a program to draw the following figure:
3 2 1
2 1
1 

Prog 22.Write a program to draw the following figure:* ** *** Prog 23.Write a program to receive a five-digit no and display as like 24689:
2
4
6
8
9 

Prog 24. Write a function that return sum of all the odd digits of a given positive noentered through keyboard. 

Prog 25.Write a program to print area of rectangle using function & return its valueto main function.

Prog 26.Write a program to calculate the factorial for given number using function.

Prog 27.Write a program to find sum of Fibonacci series using function.

Prog 28.Write factorial function & use the function to find the sum of seriesS=1!+2!+-----n!. 

Prog 29. Write a program to find the factorial of given number using recursion.

Prog 30. Write a program to find the sum of digits of a 5 digit number usingrecursion.

Prog 31. Write a program to calculate the GCD of given numbers using recursion.

Prog 32.Write a program to convert decimal number in to binary number.

Prog 33.Write a program to convert binary number in to decimal number.

Prog 34. Write a program to delete duplicate element in a list of 10 elements &display it on screen.

Prog 35. Write a program to merge two sorted array & no element is repeatedduring merging. 

Prog 36.Write a program to evaluate the addition of diagonal elements of twosquare matrixes.

Prog 37. Write a program to find the transpose of a given matrix & check whether itis symmetric or not.

Prog 38.Write a program to print the multiplication of two N*N (Square) matrix.

Prog 39. Write a program in C to check whether the given string is a palindrome or not.

Prog 40. Write program to sort the array of character (String) in alphabetical orderlike STRING in GINRST.

Prog 41. Write a program to remove all the blank space from the string & print it,also count the no of characters.

Prog 42.Write a program to store the following string “zero”, “one” -------“five”.Print the no in words, given in figure as 3205.

Prog 43. Write a program to compare two given dates. To store a date uses astructure that contains three members namely day, month and year. 
If the dates are equal then display message equal otherwise unequal. 

Prog 44.Define a structure that can describe a hotel. It should have the member thatincludes the name, address, grade, room charge and number of rooms. 
Write a function to print out hotel of given grade in order of room charges. 

Prog 45. Define a structure called cricket with player name, team name, battingaverage, for 50 players & 5 teams. 
Print team wise list contains names of player with their batting average. 

Prog 46. Write a c program to copy & count the character content of one file says
a.txt to another file b.txt.

Prog 47.Write a program to take 10 integers from file and write square of theseinteger in other file.

Prog 48.Write a program to read number from file and then write all ‘odd’number to file ODD.txt & all even to file EVEN.txt. 

Prog 49.Write a program to print all the prime number, between 1 to 100 in fileprime.txt.

Prog 50.Write the following C program using pointer:
a)To sort the list of numbers through pointer
b)To reverse the string through pointer.

Prog 51. Write a program to find the largest no among 20 integers array using dynamic memory allocation. 

Prog 52.Using Dynamic Memory Allocation, Write a program to find the transposeof given matrix. 

Prog 53.Write a program to find the factorial of given number using command lineargument.

Prog 54. Write a program to find the sum of digits of a 5 digit number usingcommand line argument.